{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red0\green0\blue0;\red82\green80\blue78;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c39608\c38824\c38039;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa450\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Based on feedback and nearly constant refinement over the last 2+ years, we are excited to present the Back7 Field Unit 2, or \'93B7FU2\'94.  The build process is simpler than ever, with several key improvements over previous builds around the Pelican case product line.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa453\partightenfactor0

\fs54\fsmilli27328 \cf2 Return to the Pelican 1300\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa450\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 While the Back7 Quick Kit uses the smaller Pelican 1150, it doesn\'92t leave much room for extra modification or equipment.  By using the larger (and considerably deeper) Pelican 1300, we have more room than ever for additional components in the back.  We will continue to revolve these kinds of builds around the Pelican brand- not only because of impeccable quality, but consistent dimensions, durability, and availability.  There are no plans to use other brands of cases, especially given the negligible difference in cost compared to lower quality cases.  As always, this build requires no modification of the Pelican 1300 enclosure.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa453\partightenfactor0

\fs54\fsmilli27328 \cf2 All-Metal Design\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa450\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 While 3D printing is an excellent approach to creating prototypes, we drive for the highest quality builds.  To meet this challenge, the new designs are now based on 5052 Aluminum.  Contact custom@back7.com if you\'92re interested in a different material- we can easily support stainless steel or carbon fiber.  We don\'92t recommend plastics for this design.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Metal also means easier and more consistent modification- you can easily paint your frame- either with some sandpaper & rattle can, or by sending it to a custom shop.  This design also helps keep plastics out of the landfill- this design allows for all of the metal to be recycled, the case to be re-used, and the electronics to be easily upgraded or replaced.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa453\partightenfactor0

\fs54\fsmilli27328 \cf2 Fully Modular, Non-Destructive Modifications\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 This design is friendlier than ever for modification, no crazy CAD skills required.  There\'92s a plate with room for 1-2 switches, antenna connectors, or whatever custom add-on you want.  Each kit comes with two blanks, and additional blanks can be ordered on the store {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://back7.co/store/back7-field-unit-2-front-plates"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 here}}.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa450\partightenfactor0
\cf2 One of the big changes though in our modular approach is the implementation of keystone jacks.  Each B7FU2 comes with 6 keystone jacks.  You can easily snap in and out the different ports you may want.  Want an external HDMI port?  Easy, you can simply snap one into the frame with no permanent modifications needed.  Have a new Pi board with USB C?  Great, you can easily snap in a new USB C port.\
No solder is needed for the default build!  Each cable is replaceable and no custom wiring or soldering required.  No special tools either!  You can disassemble and reassemble your B7FU2 with just a few common hand tools.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa453\partightenfactor0

\fs54\fsmilli27328 \cf2 Stackable Re-Plates\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 The stock design supports the standard Raspberry Pi 7\'94 touchscreen with the Raspberry Pi 4 attached to the back.  Right behind that is the Back7 Build Plate- with various M5 holes for your custom gear, slots for zip ties or velcro straps, etc.  Each plate can vary in depth too- so you can simply add spacers to custom suit your design.  The PDF, EPS, and STL files are free for the Back7 Expansion Plate.  You can easily make more on your 3D printer or even just stencil it onto wood in a pinch.  You can also easily mount your custom 3D design to the Expansion Plates, letting you use custom boards, software defined radios, or internal batteries as you see fit.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa453\partightenfactor0

\fs54\fsmilli27328 \cf2 Simplified Hardware\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa450\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 The overall design now uses M5 bolts for the entire chassis, with longer bolts in the rear for the stacking plates (plus spacers) and  M5x10mm bolts for the main chassis.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa453\partightenfactor0

\fs54\fsmilli27328 \cf2 New Pricing Options\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa450\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf2 Full Builds
\f0\b0  - we still offer full builds for the premium clients that don\'92t have the time or tools to perform assembly.  We\'92re grateful for the chance to offer these builds.  You can find them listed on our store {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://back7.co/store/back-7-field-unit-2"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 here}}.\

\f1\b Main Frame Kit
\f0\b0  - This option includes the metal frame assembled (Keystone Port, 2x Blank Option Plates, Front Plate, Main Plate, plus two stacking Expansion Plates).  This includes the screws and nuts, but does not include any keystone jacks, Raspberry Pi, Display, or Pelican case. Available {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://back7.co/store/back-7-field-unit-2-ayca5"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 here}}.\

\f1\b Design Files 
\f0\b0 - For the first time we are selling the design files.  This really helps support our builds since we don\'92t use Google for tracking or advertising to you.  They are priced reasonably and available in our store {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://back7.co/store/back7-field-unit-digital-designs"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 here}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Now finally, here\'92s what we\'92re most proud of - photos of our sample build.}