{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa450\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Designing parts during the pandemic has been fun- but what\'92s been missing is actually getting outdoors.  Even though things are starting to cool off, I\'92m thinking ahead to getting back outside.  As I continue to evolve my original ideas around the Recovery Kit and the original Quick Kit, I wanted to come up with a design that is truly as tough as I could make it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 While I can\'92t make it waterproof with the Pelican case open, I can try to make it as rugged as possible.  I made the part thicker all around, while making a wide, short gap just above the screen for venting.  I went with fewer front ports to allow the lower frame to be even thicker and more rigid that before, and I added something really strong- stainless steel:\
\
By connecting a stainless steel frame to the 3D printed plastic, I have something that\'92s very durable, easy to modify, and yet still very strong.  Inside you\'92ll notice the internals are pretty similar to prior models. \
\
I have more designs on the way, but I\'92d like to see where you all take your designs!  This design is for sale in the store now, with the design added here 77 days after launch on February 11, 2022.}